[TW-279] OpenAPI 3.0 schema documentation (#3841)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/publishing-your-api/documenting-your-api.md

Documentation is an important part of any collection or API. Good documentation helps the people who use your collection to understand what it does and how each request works. And comprehensive API documentation lets your consumers know what endpoints are available and how to successfully interact with them.

> Once you're generated documentation for your collection or API, users can [view the documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/viewing-documentation/) in Postman. By default your documentation is private, so only people you share a collection or API with will be able to see it. If you're creating a public API, you can [publish your documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/publishing-your-docs/) to make it publicly available to anyone with a web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've generated documentation for your collection or API, users can [view the documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/viewing-documentation/) in Postman. By default your documentation is private, so only people you share a collection or API with will be able to see it. If you're creating a public API, you can [publish your documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/publishing-your-docs/) to make it publicly available to anyone with a web browser.
```

1. Select **Collections** in the sidebar, and then select a collection, folder, or request.
1. Select **Documentation** <img alt="Documentation icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-icon-v8-10.jpg" width="16px" style="vertical-align:middle;margin-bottom:5px"> in the context bar.
1. Select the edit icon <img alt="Edit icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-edit-icon-v8-10.jpg" width="18px" style="vertical-align:middle;margin-bottom:5px"> next to the description.
1. Compose your new content, and then select **Save**. To learn more about using Postman's built-in editing tools, see [Authoring your docs](/docs/publishing-your-api/authoring-your-documentation/).

<img alt="Documentation pane" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-pane-v9.jpg" width="566px">

> You can also edit descriptions when viewing the complete documentation for a collection. Select **View complete collection documentation** at the bottom of the **Documentation** pane, and then edit the descriptions as usual.

## Generating API documentation

> The **Documentation** tab in the API builder provides one place to view, create, and manage all of your API's documentation. Postman automatically generates API docs for any OpenAPI 3.0 compliant schema defined in the API Builder. You can also add detailed documentation to any API by generating a collection from the API or by linking to an existing collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Documentation** tab in the API Builder provides one place to view, create, and manage all of your API's documentation. Postman automatically generates API docs for any OpenAPI 3.0-compliant schema defined in the API Builder. You can also add detailed documentation to any API by generating a collection from the API or by linking to an existing collection.
```

> A collection can be linked to only one version of an API. If you [create a new version](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/versioning-an-api/) of your API, you'll also need to generate a new collection to hold that version's documentation. To learn more, see [Versioning your docs](#versioning-your-docs).

### Viewing schema documentation

> If you are [designing an API](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/) based on the OpenAPI 3.0 specification, Postman automatically creates documentation for your API based on your schema definition. The API docs include paths, variables, query parameters, response bodies and headers, and examples. The docs also indicate which variables and parameters are required, along with default, minimum, and maximum values.

Reviewer 2: Maybe standardize on `documentation` rather than using a mix of that and `docs`, since `docs` might not be as familiar for all users (especially ones for whom English isn't their first language)? 

```suggestion
If you are [designing an API](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/) based on the OpenAPI 3.0 specification, Postman automatically creates documentation for your API based on your schema definition. The API documentation includes paths, variables, query parameters, response bodies and headers, and examples. The documentation also indicates which variables and parameters are required, along with default, minimum, and maximum values.
```

To view the documentation for an OpenAPI 3.0 schema:

1. Select **APIs** in the left sidebar, and then select an API and a version.
1. Select the **Documentation** tab.
1. Select an item under **Schema Documentation** (in the pane at left) to view a specific path or request.

<img alt="Viewing schema documentation" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-view-schema-docs-v9-9.jpg" width="952px">

> > Postman alerts you if your API schema contains unsaved changes that are not reflected in the documentation. To update the API docs with the latest schema changes, select the **Definition** tab and save your schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Postman alerts you if your API schema contains unsaved changes that are not reflected in the documentation. To update the API documentation with the latest schema changes, select the **Definition** tab and save your schema.
```

> A collection can be linked to only one version of an API. If you [create a new version](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/versioning-an-api/) of your API, you'll also need to generate a new collection to hold that version's documentation. To learn more, see [Versioning your docs](#versioning-your-docs).

### Viewing schema documentation

If you are [designing an API](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/) based on the OpenAPI 3.0 specification, Postman automatically creates documentation for your API based on your schema definition. The API docs include paths, variables, query parameters, response bodies and headers, and examples. The docs also indicate which variables and parameters are required, along with default, minimum, and maximum values.

To view the documentation for an OpenAPI 3.0 schema:

1. Select **APIs** in the left sidebar, and then select an API and a version.
1. Select the **Documentation** tab.

> 1. Select an item under **Schema Documentation** (in the pane at left) to view a specific path or request.

Reviewer: Maybe consider "in the left pane" or "on the left" or an alternative for where this phrase is mentioned

Author: I went with "in the left pane" 🙂

<img alt="Generating new API documentation" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-generate-api-docs-v9.jpg" width="702px">

> You can generate additional documentation collections from the **Documentation** tab. Select the **+** next to **Collections** (in the pane at left), and then select **Create Documentation**.

### Adding existing documentation to an API

To use an existing collection for API documentation:

1. Select **APIs** in the left sidebar, and then select an API and a version.
1. Select the **Overview** tab.
1. Select the **+** next to **Documentation**, and then select **Add existing documentation**.
1. Select the collection you want to use for API documentation.
1. Select **Add Documentation**. The API documentation is displayed on the **Documentation** tab.

<img alt="Adding existing API documentation" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-add-api-docs-v9.jpg" width="402px">

> You can add additional documentation collections from the **Documentation** tab. Select the **+** next to **Collections** (in the pane at left), and then select **Add Existing Documentation**.

### Editing API documentation

> You can add to your API documentation collections right from the **Documentation** tab. First select a linked collection in the pane at left. Then select the edit icon <img alt="Edit icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-edit-icon-v8-10.jpg" width="18px" style="vertical-align:middle;margin-bottom:5px"> next to any description and use [the built-in editing tools](/docs/publishing-your-api/authoring-your-documentation/) to author content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add to your API documentation collections right from the **Documentation** tab. First, select a linked collection in the pane at left. Then select the edit icon <img alt="Edit icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-edit-icon-v8-10.jpg" width="18px" style="vertical-align:middle;margin-bottom:5px"> next to any description and use [the built-in editing tools](/docs/publishing-your-api/authoring-your-documentation/) to author content.
```

Another way to work on your API documentation is to open the linked collection. On the **Documentation** tab, select **View Collection** at the upper right, and then [edit the documentation](#documenting-a-collection) in the linked collection.

> > Schema documentation cannot be edited on the **Documentation** tab. Instead, edit your schema on the **Definition** tab and then select **Save**. Postman automatically updates the API docs to reflect the latest schema changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Schema documentation cannot be edited in the **Documentation** tab. Instead, edit your schema on the **Definition** tab and then select **Save**. Postman automatically updates the API docs to reflect the latest schema changes.
```

<img alt="Documentation pane" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-pane-v9.jpg" width="566px">

> You can also edit descriptions when viewing the complete documentation for a collection. Select **View complete collection documentation** at the bottom of the **Documentation** pane, and then edit the descriptions as usual.

## Generating API documentation

The **Documentation** tab in the API Builder provides one place to view, create, and manage all of your API's documentation. Postman automatically generates API docs for any OpenAPI 3.0 schema defined in the API Builder. You can also add detailed documentation to any API by generating a collection from the API or by linking to an existing collection.

> A collection can be linked to only one version of an API. If you [create a new version](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/versioning-an-api/) of your API, you'll also need to generate a new collection to hold that version's documentation. To learn more, see [Versioning your docs](#versioning-your-docs).

### Viewing schema documentation

> If you are [designing an API](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/) based on the OpenAPI 3.0 specification, Postman automatically creates documentation for your API based on your schema definition. The API documentation includes paths, variables, query parameters, response bodies and headers, and examples. The documentation also indicates which variables and parameters are required, along with default, minimum, and maximum values.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are [designing an API](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/) based on the OpenAPI 3.0 specification, Postman automatically creates documentation for your API based on your schema definition. The API documentation includes complete API, paths, and operation information - authentication, parameters, request body, response bodies and headers, and examples. The documentation also conveys the schema information for various data models - required attributes, default, minimum, and maximum values and other constraints.
```

To view the documentation for an OpenAPI 3.0 schema:

1. Select **APIs** in the left sidebar, and then select an API and a version.
1. Select the **Documentation** tab.
1. In the left pane, select an item under **Schema Documentation** to view a specific path or request.

<img alt="Viewing schema documentation" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-view-schema-docs-v9-12.jpg" width="1106px">

> > Postman alerts you if your API schema contains unsaved changes that are not reflected in the documentation. To update the API documentation with the latest schema changes, select the **Definition** tab and save your schema.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Postman alerts you if your API schema contains unsaved changes or errors. To update the API documentation with the latest schema changes, select the **Definition** tab and save your schema.
```

### Creating new documentation for an API

To generate a new collection for API documentation:

1. Select **APIs** in the left sidebar, and then select an API and a version.
1. Select the **Overview** tab.

> 1. Select the **+** next to **Documentation**, and then select **Create new documentation**.

Reviewer 3: Alternatively the user can also generate/add collection documentation using the '+' icon in the navigation column

    <img alt="Creating a new version" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-new-version-v9.jpg" width="482px">

* **Generate a collection from the new API version.** Open the new API version and select the **Overview** tab. Select the **+** next to **Documentation**, and then select **Create new documentation**.

* **Add an existing to collection to the new API version.** Open the new API version and select the **Overview** tab. Select the **+** next to **Documentation**, and then select **Add existing documentation**.

> > Postman automatically generates schema documentation for each version of your API, based on that version's API definition. Once you've versioned your API, you'll see a new version of the schema documentation on the **Documentation** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Postman automatically generates schema documentation for each version of your API, based on that version's API definition. Once you've versioned your API, you'll see a new version of the schema documentation in the **Documentation** tab.
```
